Array Methods:

syntax: array.method() (ie years.length())

slice - view something from the middle of an Array
splice - remove something from the middle of an Array
length - view the number of indexes in an Array
push - insert a new value on the end of an Array
sort - sort an Array ALPHABETICALLY (you have to use a comparison)

You can view the methods by hitting f12 in some browsers (devtools)

concat - combines two or more arrays, one after the other, to form a new array with all values
    example: console.log('concat students and years', students.concat(years))
    this will smash the students array and the years array together into one array.

In VSCode, you can hold ctrl and hover over a method or function to view it. Holding alt will show notes
    /info on that method/function.

filter - filters the contents of an array and returns a new array that matches the given criteria.
    example: const years = [1972, 1900, 1984, 1862, 1776, 2004, 1983, 2042]
    const modernYears = years.filter(function (y)) {
        return y > 1900
    }
    console.log('Modern Years ', modernYears)
    
findIndex - returns the index of an element in the array that matches the given criteria.
    function findNameIndex(name) {
        return students.findIndex(function (s))
            return s === name
    }

includes - returns true if the given array includes includes the given value and false if it does not.
    This is useful to check if a value exists inside of an array.

join - inserts the specified sperator strin in between each element in the array.

reverse - reverses the order of an array *does NOT sort, it just reverses whatever order the array is
     currently in.

shift - removes and returns the first element of an array (this will delete the first element of the array).

unshift - adds a new element to the begining of an array (opposite of a push), and returns the new
    length of the array.

toString - returns the array as a string.


Level 1 challenge:
    (see mplearninggroup challenge document)